build-deploy documentation (#273)
equinor/radix-public-site: public-site/docs/src/guides/build-and-deploy/index.md

When Radix detects that `radixconfig.yaml` or `build secret` values have changed, all components and jobs are built.

If no changes are detected, and [`sub-pipline`](../sub-pipeline/) is not configured, the pipeline job is stopped with status `Stopped no changes`.

#### Example

To illustrate, consider an application with the following directory layout:

``` directory-structure
├── foo/
│   ├── images/
│   │   └── logo.jpg
│   ├── main.js
│   └── Dockerfile
├── bar/
│   ├── main.js
│   ├── README.md
│   └── Dockerfile
├── CHANGE_LOG.md
└── radixconfig.yaml
```

and corresponding radixconfig.yaml:

``` yaml
apiVersion: radix.equinor.com/v1
kind: RadixApplication
metadata:
  name: myapp
spec:
  build:
    secrets:
      - SECRET1
      - SECRET2
  components:
    - name: foo
      src: /foo
    - name: bar
      src: /bar
```

> Components `foo` and `bar` are configured with different directories for their Docker files. We assume that an active deployment already exist, created from a `build-deploy` pipeline that built and deployed images named `foo:tag1` and `bar:tag1` for the `foo` and `bar` components respectively.

Reviewer: remove space, "Docker files" => "Dockerfiles"?

# Build and deploy

::: tip TL;DR
- Pipeline jobs created manually from `Radix Web Console` or `Radix CLI` will always build all components and jobs.
- For pipeline jobs created from a `Github webhook`, Radix will only build components and jobs that affected by the changes, and reuse images from the active deployment for unchanged components/jobs.
- When Radix detects that `radixconfig.yaml` is modified, all components and jobs are built.
- When values for `build secrets` defined in radixconfig.yaml, are updated, the next pipeline job will build all components and jobs.
:::

> The [`build-deploy`](../../start/workflows/) pipeline builds and deploys container images from Docker files for components and jobs that do not have the [`image`](../../references/reference-radix-config/#image) property set in [`radixconfig.yaml`](../../references/reference-radix-config). The location of the Docker file for each component and job is defined in the [`dockerfileName`](../../references/reference-radix-config/#dockerfilename) and [`src`](../../references/reference-radix-config/#src) properties.

Reviewer: Change `Docker files` to `Dockerfiles`?

Author: fixed

# Build and deploy

The [`build-deploy`](../../start/workflows/) pipeline builds and deploys Docker files for components and jobs that do not have the [`image`](../../references/reference-radix-config/#image) property set in [`radixconfig.yaml`](../../references/reference-radix-config). The location of the Docker file for each component/job is defined in the [`dockerfileName`](../../references/reference-radix-config/#dockerfilename) and [`src`](../../references/reference-radix-config/#src) properties.

A `build-deploy` pipeline job can be created manually from [`Radix Web Console`](https://console.radix.equinor.com/) or [`Radix CLI`](../../docs/topic-radix-cli/), or automatically when code is pushed to the application's Github repository, if a [GitHub webhook](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/webhooks-and-events/webhooks/about-webhooks) is configured. Instructions on how to configure a Github webhook can be found in the `Webhook` section on the application's configuration page in Radix Web Console.

> For manually created pipeline jobs, Radix will always build all components and jobs. When a pipeline job is created from a Github webhook, Radix compares the commit ID from the webhook request body with the commit ID of the active deployment to detect which directories have changed. The list of changed directories are then compared to the `src` property for each component and job, and if any of the changed directories are equal to, or a child of `src`, a new image is built for the component/job. Radix will reuse the image from the current active deployment for components and jobs that have not changed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For manually created pipeline jobs, Radix will always build all components and jobs without defined property `image`. When a pipeline job is created by a Github webhook, Radix compares the commit ID from the webhook request body with the commit ID of the active deployment to detect which directories have changed. The list of changed directories are then compared to the `src` property for each component and job:
* If any of the changed directories are within  the directory, defined in `src` or are its sub-directories, a new image is built for the component and job. 
* if no such changes detected, Radix will reuse the image from the current active deployment for components and jobs.
```

Author: This is described in the previous paragraph. I don't think there is a need to describe it one more time.

``` directory-structure
├── foo/
│   ├── images/
│   │   └── logo.jpg
│   └── main.js
├── bar/
│   ├── main.js
│   └── README.md
├── foo.Dockerfile
├── bar.Dockerfile
├── CHANGE_LOG.md
└── radixconfig.yaml
```

```yaml
apiVersion: radix.equinor.com/v1
kind: RadixApplication
metadata:
  name: myapp
spec:
  components:
    - name: foo
      dockerfileName: foo.Dockerfile
      src: .
    - name: bar
      dockerfileName: bar.Dockerfile
      src: .
```

#### Summary

- Pipelines created manually from `Radix Web Console` or `Radix CLI` will always build all components and jobs.
- When pipelines are created from a `Github webhook`, Radix will only build components and jobs that affected by the changes, and reuse images from the active deployment for unchanged components/jobs.
- When Radix detects that `radixconfig.yaml` is modified, all components and jobs are built.

> - When `build secret` values are updated, the next pipeline job will build all components and jobs.

Author: fixed
